---
title: 'Blog Post number 1'
date: 2025-06-07
updated: ???
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - site posts
---

Pardon the mess while I get things sorted. At the time of writing this, I've only just gotten the website setup. I'm still figuring out how this all works.

Regardless of my inexperience with this, I felt it necessary to write a quick introductory post for the only audience currently visiting this site: me.

Hi, me!

There's a decent chance you may forget that you made this, you'll stumble across it again in a few years and think back, "huh, what would've happened if I kept that going?"
Very decent chance indeed. On the off chance that that doesn't happen, and not due to never stumbling upon it again, I think it's important to lay out the reasons for making it in the first place.

It's about time I begin defining my intentions as an academic. For those of you joining us, some context: I completed my undergraduate studies in Communications, went on to do a Masters in Digital Design,
and picked up a Project Management post-graduate diploma soon after. I have always been quite passionate about technology and design, as well as game development and media studies.
I've spent years tinkering with hobbyist projects, most of which lay abandoned on long-forgotten harddrives, with a rare few that I've managed to complete.
The purpose of this website is to facilitate the completion of more projects. Between my academic background and project management training, 
I really have no excuse for not having more completed projects under my belt. And so, this website was born!

My theory is that a technically-public but practically isolated website will compell me to develop more projects and eventually flesh out a portfolio. Perhaps even catch the attention of a recruiter?
On this site, I intend to publish: blog posts (like this one -- less formal and more conversational), academic writings, development logs, and project files. All of my work will be made freely available
here, unless of course I find some way to monetize it, in which case it won't be. My work will likely range from game projects, proof of concepts, early prototypes, and writings on the nature of
various media and technologies. As I go, I suspect the tone will likely shift towards a more professional one (although I somewhat doubt it). 

In the mean time, should anyone (myself included) happen across this website, welcome and thank you for reading!